thank you for watching liking commenting
sharing and subscribing right now well I
had a we pulled the RV over to the house
on friday i think it was and i moved one
of the slides out the living room slide
out and i heard this big loud pop and
the slide wouldn't move in around so i
went out and i took a look and I
couldn't figure out was wrong so I got a
pin in the paper and I kind of drew a
picture and I took it to a shop and they
didn't say they didn't understand the
picture so I came back and I'm under the
RV moving around trying to make a draw a
better pitcher and I couldn't see so I
took out my iphone and I we put in a
flashlight app on and i turned my
flashlight on on my phone so I could see
what was going on and I kind of figured
it out and I thought oh I could just
take a picture so I start I start the
phone inside this little compartment
with my hands yeah took the picture took
it out and the picture came out
beautiful and I thought oh well maybe I
could send this to someone so sitting
out on the back porch i went to the
internet and i looked up Cheyenne
camping out in wolcott Iowa that's where
we bought the RV and I got an email
address out there and I shot him out
this email and I told him the problem
and they sent back and they had it took
my picture and then they had partly I
think was three different circles three
different colors you had a color-coded
and he told me each color what the
problem was and so I emailed him bat and
I thanked him and I says well there's
nothing I can do any suggestions and he
emailed it back and he said yeah push it
in and get it some place where they can
take care of it and so that's what I did
we we physically pushed it in he and he
said we could push it in manually right
but usual
thing is is that you used the freaking
iphone yeah yeah the thing is using
right now you finally used it to
download a flashlight app and take a
picture the most basic of basic things
saved your bacon and you know what the
nice thing was after i took the picture
i didn't have to bump my head because
you had light board and i know because
the picture i could just look at the
picture and no such getting back under
and I knew what was there so I kind of
figured out what I had to do without
getting under there and looking just
like spreading the picture to make it
you know like spread it to make it
bigger get happy yeah and it would make
it bigger and I could see it really a
great picture i'll email to you if you
want to see i'm not i really don't care
that i was just impressed that you had
updated your facebook status saying i
love my iphone oh yeah someone else said
something to your cousin not in i'm not
sure where she lives at the one cotton
that likes the darth vader she was
saying she liked your ipad or iphone i
see i like my I things yeah TNG yes cuz
this morn oh not I have a bigger
question whose idea was it to do all
this like to download the flashlight app
or to take a picture was it your idea or
was it mom since both y'all have iphone
what didn't i say the flashlight well
when we had the firemen come over the
time oh yeah we had had a problem at the
house and we had the firemen come over
in check and he said there was no
problem he took it out his iphone and
made it a flashlight mr. oh what's that
he says oh I got this flashlight oh so
when he left I got off I found the
flashlight I found one and mom found one
they were both different and we took the
best of two I forget which one we
thought was the best of to look don't
they do the same thing though that's
where I got that illuminate the screen I
mean really I mean how it
it changed it turns the phone into a
flashlight Riley like white it used yeah
yeah the light stays on there they're
gonna there's another one that'll do it
just for the flash that's on the front
of the the iphone there's an app that
I'm the flash oh that's the one you use
yeah it makes that light stay on yeah
yet not the screen not street but the
light but the flash yams the patch light
yeah and there's enough the hell you go
over there hang on I'll show you Oh God
turn your light on sing can you see moms
yeah I can see it she's got et finger
there that's her that's her that's her
flashlight Frank impressive make it
pulsing now if we give in trouble we
figure we can use this yeah that's true
no that's not a good we got some that
make them different colors i'm not sure
if i want to do that one yet Oh what did
you get these federal every year yeah
they're so far everything's been free
and I did that Atari thing the other day
but it really just gives you one no no
you have to the Atari app is free pong
is free but if you pay fifteen dollars
you get everything all one hundred
percent yeah it works on the I tonight
yeah instead of 99 cents eat cheese I'm
gonna get I'm gonna get the whole thing
I that's what i did i got the other
thing well no no when you buy the Atari
for the the iphone or the ipad it works
on both you can you only pay once and it
works on both that's what you told me
she'll have to show me how that how i
did that dad got on the back if you in
download a flashlight app and take a
picture and figure out how to do all
that you don't need my help getting the
Atari thing to work well I change this
confusing well I won't disagree with you
there ok and even more so when you're an
old guy right well I'm just happy that
you think I couldn't believe I was
reading this little status update you
figured out that this is more than just
a device for you to talk into I didn't
use it as a phone
I know that's the point yeah yeah but
he's still worried about always using
too many gigabytes I just use a drive
music whether i'm on Wi-Fi or 3g i just
use it right that's my recommendation i
don't think you're going to hit your
gigabyte limit I really don't know so
far this month and we only have to go
until April 14 I've used 53 mega bytes
oh well it thousand megabytes to make
one kilowatt I mean gigabyte 53 mega
bytes is a lot but it's not but we have
two gigabytes yes you have two gigabytes
what have you been doing with those 53
mega bytes I don't know I just play
games I i don't care if it's not 3g
around i just use them I think your
every month I get you two thousand
gigabytes for you where were you doing
I'm messing with you that's all it's not
a lot of megabytes no it's not it's not
a lot of data on the camera something
like fuzzy dough with it